c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.exe
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.deps.json
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.pdb
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\Arbie.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.pdb
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\Arbie.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\obj\Debug\net9.0\Arbie.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Ductus.FluentDocker.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\SharpCompress.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\William\Desktop\PersonalProjects\Arbie\arbie 4.2\Arbie\bin\Debug\net9.0\Docker.DotNet.dll
